Watch the video then answer the question: Who is going to come?
[ She takes the tea kettle off the stove. ]
Ellen: Marilyn, you want coffee or tea?
Marilyn: Coffee, please.
Ellen: I am so excited! At this time tomorrow morning, Grandpa will be sitting in the kitchen with us.
Marilyn: When does he arrive?
Ellen: At six o'clock this evening.
Marilyn: By plane?
Ellen: No, by train.
Marilyn: Are we picking him up at the station?
Ellen: Not Grandpa. He doesn't want anybody picking him up. He likes to be independent.
Marilyn: Huh.
Ellen: Oh, let's go upstairs and prepare Grandpa's room.
Marilyn: Great!  Let's do it!
[ Ellen and Marilyn get up to leave. Richard and Robbie enter the kitchen. ]
Richard: Good morning, Mom.
Robbie: Morning.
Ellen: Well, hi, fellas.
Richard: Hello.
Marilyn: Hi, honey.
Richard & Robbie: Morning, Marilyn.
Marilyn: We are going upstairs to set up Grandpa's room. There's coffee ready.
[ Ellen and Marilyn go upstairs. Richard and Robbie begin to make breakfast. ]
Robbie: I'm really excited about seeing Grandpa.
Richard: Me, too. Milk, please.
Robbie: He's so funny. He always makes me laugh. I hope Grandpa's going to like living with us.
Richard: I think he will. It just takes time to feel comfortable in a new place.
Robbie: Won't he miss being in Florida?
Richard: Well, he will. But I think he'll like being here with the family.
Robbie: Are you sure about that? It's crazy here most of the time.
Richard: But it's fun.
Robbie: That's for sure.
Richard: You know, maybe I'll put together some photos of Grandpa as a "welcome" present.
Robbie: That's a neat idea. What can I do? [ He thinks. ]
Robbie: I've got it! I have a picture of Grandpa and Dad and me in my wallet. It's from the Fathers and Sons' Breakfast at my junior high school graduation. [ He takes out his wallet and shows the picture to Richard.]
Richard: [ He looks at the picture. ] Oh, I remember this picture.
Robbie: I'd really like to pick up Grandpa at the railroad station.
Richard: Railroad stations or airports --Grandpa always tells us he'll get here by himself.
Robbie: He's something!
[ Upstairs in the Stewarts' home. Ellen and Marilyn are preparing Grandpa's Room. ]
Marilyn: [ She points to the trunk. ] Is this all Grandpa's stuff?
Ellen: That's it. But I'm sure he has a few bags with him on the train.
Marilyn: What's inside?
Ellen: I don't know. It's locked.
Philip: [ He enters. ] Hi.
Ellen: Oh, hi, darling.
Marilyn: Morning, Philip.
Philip: I want to put some of my good hangers in Grandpa's closet. You know I'm very excited about his arrival.
Ellen: We are, too. Susan called early this morning. She's unhappy because she's had to go to Chicago on a business trip and can't leave till tonight. She wants to be here for Grandpa.
Philip: Well, Grandpa will be disappointed, too. He loves Susan. She always reminds him of Grandma. Well, how's everything here?
Marilyn: Fine. We were just wondering about this trunk.
Ellen: It's locked.
Philip: Oh. [ He takes a key from his pocket. ] I have the key. Grandpa sent it to me.
[ He tries to put the key into the lock of the trunk. ]
