Watch the video then answer the question: Does he want to stay?
Elsa Tobin: Excuse me. Is this seat taken?
Malcolm Stewart: No, it's not taken.
Elsa Tobin: Oh, thank you.
Malcolm Stewart: Oh, let me help you with this. [ he puts her suitcase in the overhead rack. ]
Elsa Tobin: Oh, thank you.
Malcolm Stewart: Do you want to sit by the window?
Elsa Tobin: No, no, no. I like the aisle seat better. Please, you sit by the window. [ They sit down. ]
Malcolm Stewart: My name is Stewart... Malcolm Stewart. Pleased to meet you. [ They shake hands. ]
Elsa Tobin: I'm Elsa Tobin. How do you do?
Malcolm Stewart: Do you live in New York?
Elsa Tobin: No, no. I'm from Florida.
Malcolm Stewart: I am, too. But didn't you just get on?
Elsa Tobin: No, no. I just changed my seat. A man next to me was smoking, and smoke really bothers me.
Elsa Tobin: Where are you from in Florida?
Malcolm Stewart: Titusville. It's near Orlando.
Elsa Tobin: Small world. I'm from Titusville, too.
Malcolm Stewart: Really? What part?
Elsa Tobin: My husband and I live near Spaceport.
Malcolm Stewart: I know that area. My house is only a few miles from Spaceport. Do you still live there?
Elsa Tobin: Oh yes, yes. My husband's there now.
Elsa Tobin: He couldn't take time off to come to New York with me. Do you still live there?
Malcolm Stewart: No. I sold the house and the furniture, put a few personal things in an old trunk, and shipped it to my children in New York. That's my destination.
Elsa Tobin: Are you married?
Malcolm Stewart: My wife died four years ago. She was a wonderful woman. A real friend.
Elsa Tobin: I'm sorry. Really, I'm sorry.
Malcolm Stewart: Lots of wonderful memories. We were married almost fifty years. Well, forty-seven, to be exact.
Elsa Tobin: John and I celebrate our fortieth anniversary next month.
Malcolm Stewart: Oh, congratulations! That's nice. What does John do?
Elsa Tobin: He's an aerospace engineer and works for Orlando Aircraft Corporation. He started with them almost forty years ago. What do you do?
Malcolm Stewart: I just retired. Had my own company. A construction company. Roads, bridges, big stuff. But I just sold it and retired.
[ A conductor walks over to them. he asks to see Mrs. Tobin's ticket. ]
Conductor: Excuse me, ma'am. Ticket, please.
Elsa Tobin: [ to Grandpa] Would you kindly hold these keys, please? I have a ticket, I know. I was in the smoking section.
Conductor: It's OK, lady. Take your time.
Malcolm Stewart: I'm sure it's in your purse, Mrs. Tobin.
Elsa Tobin: Oh, here it is. [ She finds the ticket in her handbag and gives it to the conductor. ]
Malcolm Stewart: And here are your keys.
Malcolm Stewart: Thank you.
[ The conductor moves on. ]
Malcolm Stewart: Do you have family in New York?
Elsa Tobin: No, no. But I do have very close friends in New York City.
Elsa Tobin: We like to go to the theater together. You said you have family in New York.
Malcolm Stewart: Yes, indeed. A son and his wife and their three children -- my grandchildren.
Elsa Tobin: You must be excited.
Malcolm Stewart: I can't wait, to see them!
Elsa Tobin: Are you going to live with them?
Malcolm Stewart: Yes.
Elsa Tobin: Permanently?
Malcolm Stewart: Well... they want me to, but it's too early to know for sure. I'm pretty independent.
Malcolm Stewart: I tried to teach my kids the importance of independence, but I'm not sure I want to be alone.
Malcolm Stewart: Some people don't mind being alone. I do.
Elsa Tobin: I understand. But tell me. Why did you stop working?
Malcolm Stewart: I retired because... I wanted to be with my family.  I didn't want to be alone anymore!
