Watch the video then answer the question:
Robbie: This new Walkman is absolutely wonderful. Richard and Marilyn bought it for me for my birthday. They're so thoughtful.
Alexandra: You are very lucky, Robbie, to have such a nice family.
Robbie: Is something wrong, Alexandra?
Alexandra: No, nothing.
Robbie: Yes, there is. I can tell. What's the matter? Come on, you can tell me. What's up?
Alexandra: I don't know. Something's wrong. OK, let's talk. I received a letter from my parents this morning.
Robbie: Did they write some bad news?
Alexandra: No.
Robbie: Well, then why are you so sad?
Alexandra: I miss them. I miss them very much.
Robbie: I'm sorry, Alexandra. But I understand.
Alexandra: The Molinas treat me so nicely, and I love being with your family so much ... but when I received the letter with photographs of my family, I cried. I cried because I miss them all.
Robbie: You really miss your family, don't you?
Alexandra: Yes. I know I must seem silly. It's not like I have nobody. I like the Molinas very much, and they're so kind to me.
Robbie: Hey, why don't we go out for a cheeseburger and French fries? That'll cheer you up. And you can use my Walkman.
Alexandra: That's a good idea. But if we go out, please don't complain about your math teacher or your math homework. I want to have fun.
Robbie: So do I. I have to turn off the lights, or else my father will get really angry. He says I never turn them out when I leave. If they come home and they're on ...
Robbie: Do you hear something?
Alexandra: Yes. What was that?
Robbie: It sounded like a dog barking. It sounded like a dog barking right here. Yeah. A dog! A springer spaniel! Come on in!
Alexandra: Make yourself at home. Oh, you poor little thing. Come on. Poor baby. Where did you come from?
Robbie: Her name's Gemma, and she belongs to Mr. and Mrs. Levinson. There's a phone number: 555-8448.
Alexandra: Robbie, maybe you should call them and tell the Levinsons we have their cute little spaniel. I've always wanted a springer spaniel. She's so cute.
Recording Voice: The number you are calling -- 555-8448 -- is no longer in service.
Robbie: The number's no longer in service.
Alexandra: Oh, you poor, poor baby. You've lost your family.
Robbie: We'll find them. Don't worry, Alexandra.
