Watch the video then answer the question:
[ In the Stewarts' living room later that day. Grandpa and Robbie are watching the Thanksgiving Day parade on television. ]
Grandpa: I love parades. The Thanksgiving Day parade is always such great fun.
Grandpa: Look at that Superman balloon! Wowee! Just floating along high above Central Park West.
Grandpa: Don't you just love it? Oh, and the bands and the music. John Philip Sousa.
Grandpa: I love his music. Da dada da da dada da da da da da da dada.
Grandpa: Oh, look at that float, Robbie. Look at those funny-looking clowns.
Robbie: It's for kids.
Grandpa: Maybe so, but parades always make me feel like a kid. Remember when you and your dad and I went to the Thanksgiving Day parade? You were four or five years old, I think.
[ The telephone rings in the kitchen. Robbie rushes to answer it. ]
Robbie (on phone): Hello, hello.... Oh, hi, Susan. How are you?... Here's Mom. [ He hands the phone to Ellen and returns to the living room. ]
Ellen: Hello, Susan. Yes, he missed a phone call from Alexandra. Yes, I know, but he'll get over it. Good. Then you'll be here about five? Oh, fine. I look forward to seeing you and Harry and Michelle. Drive carefully. Good-bye.
[ He enters the living room with a bowl. ]
Philip: Taste Ellen's turkey dressing. It's delicious.
Grandpa: I'm not surprised. It's Grandma's recipe.
Robbie: It's my favorite part of the meal.
Philip: What about my famous apple pie?
Robbie: Dad, your apple pie is my favorite dessert.
Philip: How's the parade?
Robbie: OK.
[ The phone rings again. ]
Robbie: [ calling ] Mom! Is it for me?
Ellen: No, Robbie.
Philip: Who was it?
Ellen: [ She comes into the living room. ] Wrong number. Philip, would you join me in the kitchen, please? It's getting late. We have vegetables to prepare.
Robbie: Can I help with anything?
Ellen: No, honey. You just relax with Grandpa. I'll get you to help serve later. [ She and Philip leave the living room. ]
Grandpa: Ellen reminds me so much of Grandma.
Philip: [ He returns to the living room. ] What time does the Michigan football game come on?
Robbie: Four.
Ellen: [ calling from kitchen ] Philip! Philip!
Philip: I'll be back to see the game. [ He returns to the kitchen. ]
Robbie: Grandpa, when did Dad graduate from Michigan?
Grandpa: Let me think. He graduated from medical school in 1960 and from the University of Michigan in 1956.
Robbie: Did you go to Michigan, too, Grandpa?
Grandpa: Yup. I graduated in 1937.
Robbie: I've got to start thinking about college soon. [ The phone rings again. Robbie runs to answer it. ]
