Watch the video then answer the question:
[ Later that afternoon. The Stewart family and Harry and Michelle are sitting around the table. They are ready to have their Thanksgiving Day dinner.]
Philip: OK, everybody. I want to welcome Harry and his daughter Michelle to Thanksgiving with us.
Harry: Thank you, Dr. Stewart.
Philip: Call me Philip.
Harry: OK.
Philip: But first, I think we should take a moment and remember the meaning of Thanksgiving.
Harry: Philip, I took Michelle to a school play about the first Thanksgiving.
Philip: Well, why don't you tell us about that, Michelle?
Michelle: Thanksgiving was about the Pilgrims, the first settlers in America. They shared the first harvest with the Indians and gave thanks.
Philip: All right. Then in that spirit let each of us give thanks. Each in his own way. Who wants to begin?
Grandpa: I will. I give thanks for being here with my family and for being well, so I can enjoy you all.
Robbie: All right! We love you, Grandpa.
Susan: I'd like to give thanks for a healthy year, a good job, and for meeting Harry and Michelle.
Harry: We'd like to give thanks for meeting Susan and the Stewart family.
Michelle: I love you, Daddy.
Susan: [ speaking softly to Harry ] Thanks, Harry. That was very kind of you.
Robbie: I'd like to give thanks for Grandpa coming to live with us. And I'd also like to thank my math teacher for giving me a passing grade.
Robbie: [ with hope ] And call me, Alexandra.
Ellen: Oh, Robbie!
Grandpa: She'll call.
Richard: You go first, Marilyn.
Marilyn: I'm thinking. You go first.
Richard: Well, you all know I'm working on my photo album. It's not finished yet.
Richard: [ He looks at Marilyn. ] And I'd like to thank Marilyn for being so patient.
Marilyn: Thanks, Richard. I should thank you for encouraging me to keep working on my fashion designs.  I'm lucky to have a husband with an artistic eye.
Ellen: Oh, we have a lot to be thankful for. For the food on this table. Just like the Pilgrims.
Philip: I'll go along with that, Ellen.
Ellen: Well, help me serve, Robbie.
[ They begin to serve the dinner. ]
Harry: It was a wonderful meal, Mrs. Stewart. Thank you.
Richard: And now to see the end of the football game.
Philip: Exactly. [ He gets up. ]
Ellen: Where are you going, Philip?
Philip: Remember, the Michigan football game? And Michigan needs a touchdown.
Ellen: Did you forget something?
Robbie: Dad, your famous apple pie.
Philip: Just let me see the score, Ellen.
Marilyn: Go ahead, Philip. We should all take a little break before dessert.
[ Philip and Richard go into the living room. The other members of the family take the dishes from the table. Then the doorbell rings.]
Ellen: Oh, who could that be? Oh, it must be Alexandra.  I invited her to come by for dessert.
Robbie: You did? [ Ellen and Robbie go to the front door. ]
Grandpa: I like Ellen.
[ Alexandra enters. ]
Robbie: You know everyone, Alexandra.
Ellen: No, she doesn't know Harry Bennett and his daughter Michelle.
Alexandra: Nice to meet you.
Harry & Michelle: Hi.
Marilyn & Susan: Hello, Alexandra.
Alexandra: Hi, Marilyn. Hi, Susan. Happy Thanksgiving.
Ellen: And Alexandra brought us a pumpkin pie.
Robbie: Please sit down, Alexandra. [ calling ] Dad, Richard--Alexandra's here.
[ Richard and Philip come into the kitchen. ]
Richard (shouting from living room): Michigan needs a touchdown. Three minutes to play. Hi, Alexandra. Welcome.
Philip: Hello, Alexandra. Yes, Michigan needs a touchdown.  One tiny little touchdown, with just three minutes to play.
Alexandra: You want Michigan to win.
Grandpa: How'd you guess?
Ellen: And Alexandra brought us a pumpkin pie.
[ Philip walks to the oven. He turns around with a strange look on his face. ]
Ellen: What happened?
Philip: We forgot to turn the oven on.
Ellen: We did? Philip, why don't you go watch the last three minutes of the game. I will serve coffee and pumpkin pie.
Philip: [ He leaves. ] OK. I'll be back in a few minutes.
Ellen: Robbie, would you bring the dessert plates. And, Marilyn, would you pour coffee, please.
Marilyn: Sure, Ellen.
Grandpa: How was your Thanksgiving dinner, Alexandra?
Alexandra: Just wonderful, Mr. Stewart. The Molinas are a large family. I love being with them.
Robbie: I'm glad you came by, Alexandra.
Alexandra: I am, too.
Philip (shouting): [ He shouts from the living room. ] Touchdown! Touchdown! Touchdown!
Grandpa: Great Thanksgiving. Lots to be thankful for. Michigan scored a touchdown. Alexandra came by. And nobody misses Philip's famous apple pie.
Ellen: Oh, Grandpa!
